Update "after merge" section of CONTRIBUTING.md (#1848)
BBC-archive/psammead: CONTRIBUTING.md

### After merge

> After merging a pull request into `latest` the Jenkins pipeline publishes the changes to npm and the Psammead Storybook https://bbc.github.io/psammead. Once the pipeline runs successfully:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging a pull request into `latest` the Jenkins pipeline publishes the new package versions to npm and the Psammead Storybook to github pages at https://bbc.github.io/psammead. Once the pipeline runs successfully:
```
